This file lists the CA warnings that are being ignored/suppressed in the framework and why.

CA1014: Mark assemblies with CSLCompliantAttribute
This code is not intended to be referenced by languages other than C#, so there isn't a need for strict CLR compliance.

CA1020: Avoid namespaces with few types
The STF is a growing library, and may contain some namespaces that don't contain many classes yet.

CA1024: Use properties where appropriate
This is a reminder to use C# properties instead of Get() and Set() methods, but we don't really need the reminder and suppressing it everywhere is annoying.

CA1026: Default parameters should not be used
This is a CLR-compliance rule.  This code is not intended to be used outside C#.

CA2210: Assemblies should have valid strong names
Because this is an internal automation tool, and is not installed in the GAC, there isn't a concern about assemblies being tampered with, etc.

CA1300: Specify MessageBoxOptions
CA1303: Do not pass literals as localized parameters
CA1308: Normalize strings to uppercase
This tool is not intended to be translated into other languages, and most of the literal strings used in the code are meant for debugging purposes.

CA1700: Do not name enum values 'Reserved'
There are several "reservation" systems in the STF that make this a perfectly reasonable enum value.

CA1701: Resource string compound words should be cased correctly
CA1703: Resource strings should be spelled correctly
The resource strings in the library are frequently used to store remote access usernames, filenames of external resources, and other things that may not be "spelled" correctly.

CA1716: Identifiers should not match keywords
This is intended to make it easier to translate code into other CLR languages - which is not something we intend to do.

CA1811: Avoid uncalled private code
CA1812: Avoid uninstantiated internal classes
The STF frequently uses reflection, which causes false positives with these rules.

CA1814: Prefer jagged arrays over multidimensional
The only time STF uses arrays instead of generic collections is when working with an external tool that requires it, in which case jagged arrays probably won't be accepted.

CA2100: Review SQL queries for security vulnerabilities
Because this is an internal automation too, there isn't a concern about SQL injections, etc.